Document the event-based rebuild worker registration (#337)
WoltLab/woltlab.github.io: docs/migration/wsc55/php.md

The `$identifier` property will no longer be used and may be removed.

See [WoltLab/WCF#5077](https://github.com/WoltLab/WCF/pull/5077) for details.

## Rebuild Workers

Rebuild workers should no longer be registered using the `com.woltlab.wcf.rebuildData` object type definition.

> Instead an event listener for the `wcf\system\worker\event\RebuildWorkerCollecting` event should be registered in a [bootstrap script](#bootstrap-scripts) the worker classname be registered using the event’s `register()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can attach an event listener to the `wcf\system\worker\event\RebuildWorkerCollecting` event inside a [bootstrap script](#bootstrap-scripts) to lazily register workers.
The class name of the worker is registered using the event’s `register()` method:
```
